hi guys today we are going to see how
you can generate subtitles to your
videos now let's say you have a video
and you want to add subtitles to your
video like this
now instead of typing the subtitles by
yourself you want to create it
automatically without much effort you
can do that by watching this video so
after watching this video you will be
able to add subtitles to any video like
this
hey guys today we have reached a
milestone of one million subscribers now
we are going to do this using a software
called dscript
all you need to do is just upload your
video and you'll automatically get your
subtitles like this
and you can add the subtitle to your
video
it's that easy
okay so let's get started i'm brian from
website learners and let's create
subtitles for our videos to add
subtitles we are going to do three steps
the first step is to install a software
called descript on your computer
this is the software which is going to
help us create subtitles for our videos
so to install dscript just click the
link below this video
and it will take you to the descript
website now click get started
and it will ask you to sign up you can
use google sign up or you can enter
these details here to create an account
i'm going to sign up with google so
let's click on it
and select your google account
as soon as you click sign up your
descript account will be created
and these script will be downloaded on
your computer
okay now to install this on your
computer just click on it
and as you can see these script is being
installed on your computer
once it's done you will get a window
like this
so this means you have successfully
installed dscript okay once you have
installed dscript let's go to the second
step which is to upload your video to
dscript
once you upload your video dscript will
automatically generate subtitles for
your video
so to upload it let's click sign in
and you will get this message now click
open descript
and you will get this page in the
descript software
here you can select any option you want
i am going to select this
and click continue
now here as we are going to create
subtitles
just select transcription
and click continue
and you will reach this page this means
you have signed into your descript
account okay now to upload your video
click start new project
now give a name for your project
i'm going to enter subtitles
and then click create project
okay
now to upload your video all you have to
do is just drag the video for which you
want the subtitles and drop it here
now if you click done
your video will be uploaded
and here you can see that we've
automatically got the text for the
subtitle now this is the text which is
generated from our video so if we click
play here
you can listen to the audio and the text
created for it here
hey guys today we have reached a
milestone of 1 million subscribers and
none of this would have been possible if
not for all of you we thank all of you
love and support that has brought us
here ok now you can check if the texts
here are correct
if any word is wrong you can edit it
just select the word
and then click correct
now here you can enter the right word
you want
then click correct
and the word will be changed
in the same way you can correct any word
here
now once you're done editing the text
we can now go to the next step which is
to save your subtitle
once you save the subtitle you'll be
able to add it to your video
so to save it all you have to do is
click share
and it will show this pop-up window
now select export here
and you will get these options
now select subtitle
then click export
now click save
and the subtitles will be saved
now to see the file just click open here
and you can see we've got the subtitle
file
so now we have successfully created the
subtitles for our videos next let's see
how you can add subtitles to your videos
now you can add subtitles to your videos
on different platforms first let's say
you're using a video player
now to add the subtitle all you need to
do is just drag and drop the subtitle
file to your video
and the subtitles will be added
hey guys today we have reached a
milestone of 1 million subscribers and
none of this would have been possible if
not for all of you
and you can see the subtitle is
automatically synced with our video
okay next let's say you've had your
video on youtube and you want to add
subtitles on youtube how can you do that
so now let's see how you can add
subtitles to a youtube video to do that
let's go to youtube
now make sure you log into your youtube
channel
and then go to content
now here you can see all the videos
you've uploaded in your channel so to
add subtitles just go to the video where
you want to add it
and then click this icon
here you can see we've got the subtitles
option
so let's select it
now to add the subtitle just click add
then click upload file
and click continue
now select the subtitle file which we
saved earlier
and click open
now to complete adding the subtitle
just click publish
and the subtitle will be successfully
added to our video
so to check that
let's view our video by clicking here
hey guys today we have reached a
milestone of 1 million subscribers and
none of this would have been possible if
not for all of you we thank all of you
love and support that has brought us
here when website learners was first
created we only had one goal in mind
that is to make website building as easy
as possible for everyone regardless of
their skill or previous knowledge now as
you can see our subtitle is successfully
added to our video
so that's it guys this is how you can
add subtitles to your videos
automatically now if you want to know
how to make thumbnails for your youtube
videos you can watch this video also
make sure you click the subscribe button
to see more videos from us so thanks for
watching i'll see you in the next video
take care bye